Update csp configuration instructions for OSD (#7026)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/csp/csp-dynamic-configuration.md

---
layout: default

> title: Configuring Content Security Policy directive `frame-ancestors` dynamically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configuring the Content Security Policy `frame-ancestors` directive dynamically
```

nav_order: 110
has_children: false
---

> # Configuring Content Security Policy directive `frame-ancestors` dynamically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuring the CSP `frame-ancestors` directive dynamically
```

Introduced 2.13
{: .label .label-purple }

> Content Security Policy (CSP) is a security standard intended to prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), `clickjacking`, and other code injection attacks resulting from the launch of malicious content in the trusted webpage context. OpenSearch Dashboards supports configuring CSP rules in the `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file by using the `csp.rules` key. A change in the YAML file requires a server restart, which may interrupt service availability. You can, however, configure the directive `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules dynamically through the `applicationConfig` plugin without restarting the server. The support for other directives is evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on security implications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content Security Policy (CSP) is a security standard intended to prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), `clickjacking`, and other code injection attacks resulting from the launch of malicious content in the trusted webpage context. OpenSearch Dashboards supports configuring CSP rules in the `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file by using the `csp.rules` key. A change in the YAML file requires a server restart, which may interrupt service availability. You can, however, dynamically configure the `frame-ancestors` directive in the CSP rules through the `applicationConfig` plugin without restarting the server. Support for other directives is evaluated based on security ramifications.
```

> Content Security Policy (CSP) is a security standard intended to prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), `clickjacking`, and other code injection attacks resulting from the execution of malicious content in the trusted webpage context. OpenSearch Dashboards supports configuring CSP rules in the `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file by using the `csp.rules` key. A change in the YAML file requires a server restart, which may interrupt service availability. You can, however, configure the directive `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules dynamically through the `applicationConfig` plugin without restarting the server. The support for other directives will be evaluated case by case due to their security implications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Content Security Policy (CSP) is a security standard intended to prevent cross-site scripting (XSS), `clickjacking`, and other code injection attacks resulting from the execution of malicious content in the trusted webpage context. OpenSearch Dashboards supports configuring CSP rules in the `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file by using the `csp.rules` key. A change in the YAML file requires a server restart, which may interrupt service availability. You can, however, configure the directive `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules dynamically through the `applicationConfig` plugin without restarting the server. The support for other directives is evaluated on a case-by-case basis due to security implications.
```

## Configuration

> The `applicationConfig` plugin provides read and write APIs that allow OpenSearch Dashboards users to manage dynamic configurations as key-value pairs in an index. The `cspHandler` plugin registers a pre-response handler to `HttpServiceSetup`, which gets the `frame-ancestors` value from the dependent `applicationConfig` plugin and then rewrites to the CSP header. Enable both plugins in your `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file to use this feature. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`cspHandler` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/csp_handler/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `applicationConfig` plugin provides read and write APIs that allow OpenSearch Dashboards users to manage dynamic configurations as key-value pairs in an index. The `cspHandler` plugin registers a pre-response handler to `HttpServiceSetup`, which gets the `frame-ancestors` value from the dependent `applicationConfig` plugin and then rewrites it to the CSP header. Enable both plugins in your `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file to use this feature. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`cspHandler` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/csp_handler/README.md) for more information.
```

> The `applicationConfig` plugin provides read and write APIs that allow OpenSearch Dashboards users to manage dynamic configurations as key-value pairs in an index. The `cspHandler` plugin registers a pre-response handler to `HttpServiceSetup`, which gets the `frame-ancestors` value from the dependent `applicationConfig` plugin and then rewrites to the CSP header. Enable both plugins within your `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file to use this feature. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`cspHandler` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/csp_handler/README.md) for configuration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `applicationConfig` plugin provides read and write APIs that allow OpenSearch Dashboards users to manage dynamic configurations as key-value pairs in an index. The `cspHandler` plugin registers a pre-response handler to `HttpServiceSetup`, which gets the `frame-ancestors` value from the dependent `applicationConfig` plugin and then rewrites to the CSP header. Enable both plugins in your `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file to use this feature. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`cspHandler` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/csp_handler/README.md) for more information.
```

> The `applicationConfig` plugin provides read and write APIs that allow OpenSearch Dashboards users to manage dynamic configurations as key-value pairs in an index. The `cspHandler` plugin registers a pre-response handler to `HttpServiceSetup`, which gets the `frame-ancestors` value from the dependent `applicationConfig` plugin and then rewrites to the CSP header. Enable both plugins within your `opensearch_dashboards.yml` file to use this feature. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`cspHandler` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/csp_handler/README.md) for configuration details.

Reviewer: Should "it" follow "rewrites"?

## Enable site embedding for OpenSearch Dashboards

> To enable site embedding for OpenSearch Dashboards, update the directive `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules using CURL. When using CURL commands with single quotation marks inside the `data-raw` parameter, escape them with a backslash (`\`). For example, use `'\''` to represent `'`. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`applicationConfig` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/application_config/README.md) for configuration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable site embedding for OpenSearch Dashboards, update the `frame-ancestors` directive in the CSP rules using cURL. When using cURL commands with single quotation marks in the `data-raw` parameter, escape them with a backslash (`\`). For example, use `'\''` to represent `'`. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`applicationConfig` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/application_config/README.md) for more information.
```

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors' -X POST -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'osd-xsrf: osd-fetch' -H 'Sec-Fetch-Dest: empty' --data-raw '{"newValue":"{new site}"}'
```

> ## Delete `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules
```

> Use the following cURL command to delete `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following cURL command to delete `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules:
```

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors' -X DELETE -H 'osd-xsrf: osd-fetch' -H 'Sec-Fetch-Dest: empty'
```

> ## Get `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules
```

> Use the following cURL command to get `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following cURL command to get `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules:
```

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors'
```

## Precedence

Dynamic configurations override YAML configurations, except for empty CSP rules. To prevent `clickjacking`, a `frame-ancestors: self` directive is automatically added to YAML-defined rules when necessary.

## Fine-grained access control

> When the Security plugin is enabled, only users with write permission to the configuration index `.opensearch_dashboards_config` are able to call the mutating APIs. The API calls must have a valid cookie with the security information. To construct the cURL command, you can use a `Copy as cURL` option from the network tab of a browser development tool. For GET APIs, you can find an existing GET XHR request with type `json` from the network tab, copy it as cURL, and then replace it with the `appconfig` API names. Similarly, for POST and DELETE APIs, you can find an existing POST XHR request and update API name and the value of `--data-raw` accordingly. DELETE APIs must have their request method updated to `-X DELETE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Security plugin is enabled, only users with write permissions to the configuration index `.opensearch_dashboards_config` are able to call the mutating APIs. The API calls must have a valid cookie containing the security information. To construct the cURL command, you can use a `Copy as cURL` option from the network tab of a browser development tool. For GET APIs, you can find an existing GET XHR request with type `json` from the network tab, copy it as cURL, and then replace it with the `appconfig` API names. Similarly, for POST and DELETE APIs, you can find an existing POST XHR request and update the API name and the value of `--data-raw` accordingly. DELETE APIs must have their request method updated to `-X DELETE`.
```

## Enable site embedding for OpenSearch Dashboards

To enable site embedding for OpenSearch Dashboards, update the directive `frame-ancestors` in the CSP rules using CURL. When using CURL commands with single quotation marks inside the `data-raw` parameter, escape them with a backslash (`\`). For example, use `'\''` to represent `'`. The configuration is shown in the following example. Refer to [`applicationConfig` plugin](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/blob/main/src/plugins/application_config/README.md) for configuration details.

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors' -X POST -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'osd-xsrf: osd-fetch' -H 'Sec-Fetch-Dest: empty' --data-raw '{"newValue":"{new site}"}'
```

## Delete `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules

> Use the following CURL command to delete `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following cURL command to delete `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:
```

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors' -X DELETE -H 'osd-xsrf: osd-fetch' -H 'Sec-Fetch-Dest: empty'
```

## Get `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules

> Use the following CURL command to get `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following cURL command to get `frame-ancestors` in CSP rules:
```

```
curl '{osd endpoint}/api/appconfig/csp.rules.frame-ancestors'

```

## Precedence

Dynamic configurations override YAML configurations, except for empty CSP rules. To prevent `clickjacking`, a `frame-ancestors: self` directive is automatically added to YAML-defined rules when necessary.

## Fine-grained access control

> When Security plugin is enabled, only users with write permission to the configuration index (`.opensearch_dashboards_config`) are able to call the mutating APIs. The API calls must have valid cookie with security information. To construct such a curl command, you can use a "copy as curl" option from the network tab of a browser development tool. For `GET` APIs, you can find an existing `GET` XHR request with type `json` from the network tab, copy as curl and then replace with the `appconfig` API names. Similarly, for `POST` and `DELETE` APIs, you can find an existing `POST` XHR request and update API name and the value of `--data-raw` accordingly. `DELETE` APIs shall have their request method updated to `-X DELETE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the Security plugin is enabled, only users with write permission to the configuration index `.opensearch_dashboards_config` are able to call the mutating APIs. The API calls must have a valid cookie with the security information. To construct the cURL command, you can use a `Copy as cURL` option from the network tab of a browser development tool. For GET APIs, you can find an existing GET XHR request with type `json` from the network tab, copy it as cURL, and then replace it with the `appconfig` API names. Similarly, for POST and DELETE APIs, you can find an existing POST XHR request and update API name and the value of `--data-raw` accordingly. DELETE APIs must have their request method updated to `-X DELETE`.
```

> An example of copying as curl in Firefox is shown in the following image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of `Copy as cURL` in Firefox is shown in the following image.
```
